5:00 pm in Las Vegas where this [music]
year's CES, as you can see, is in full
swing. Investors keeping an eye on
updates from [music] major tech
companies with AI developments remaining
a key driver of markets here. Stay tuned
for more conversations with some top
industry players [music] this hour.
You're watching the China show. I'm Y
Ivon Man with David.
>> Yep, we are counting down to the open
markets [music] in greater China. Our
top stories today, we're looking at oil
extending losses after President Trump
says Venezuela will turn over up to 15
million barrels to the US. Washington
also [music] reportedly demanding that
Caracus uh sever ties with China, with
Russia, Iran, and also Cuba.
>> Asia stock rally takes a breather
[music] on that news with Japanese
shares slipping on escalating tensions
with China. Beijing imposing [music]
military export controls over Prime
Minister Takahuchi's remarks on Taiwan.
[music] Now, Japan is protesting China's
move, calling it absolutely unacceptable
and deeply regrettable.
[music]
Welcome to the program. in the midweek
session is one where we are looking at
on aggregate declines and a lot of that
if not all of that up to this point is
really down to the drag we're getting
out of the Nikki 225 Japan's half of 1%
that's pulling down the benchmark as you
can see futures in fact the opposite way
is happening uh in Korea Taiwan coming
online we're opening about flats uh we
have a price target being upgraded again
on TSMC I believe it's out of JP Morgan
I'll correct myself if I'm wrong but yes
more analysts are coming through uh with
more upside as it pertains to the
projections there on TSMC. A glance at
forex markets and oil. Brent is coming
online. Declines in West Texas going
into this uh opened right now. So, we
are as you can see on the verge of
falling below 60 of the most active
contract on Brent. We'll get to the oil
story in a moment, but the headlines on
your screens already. Uh we'll have a
look at of course when it comes to
metals, base metals, high base is what
we're calling it given the terrific
start to the year. Uh so you know about
copper, we've talked about aluminum, uh
zinc has given us a lot of talk about in
the last 12 hours or so after the best
best day in over 3 years. Uh and of
course just in case you missed that,
iron ore, as you can see, is also
playing uh playing a bit of catch-up
too, right? Uh 850 futures coming online
on your screen shortly will be the
nickel contract in Shanghai. And of
course, the separate story in China has
this been this meltup in yields with the
1.9% handle on a 10-year yield. Uh very
much in focus. We could take that out.
That's a three-month high on 10ear
yield. And of course on a 30-year
future, we talked about this yesterday.
Uh hitting the lowest level, 30-year
bond futures, specifically the lowest
level uh since 20 uh 24. Uh pedline
crossing on the Bloomberg terminal on
the Philippine peso has taken out that
recent high on dollar peso. Uh the
currency is now trading at a fresh
record low against the US dollar.
>> Yeah. So much has changed in the last
few hours, Dave. And I think we were
thought we were going to talk about, you
know, Asia stocks having the best start
ever uh really for 2026, but really it's
been changed to what we've seen here
with oil. Now, given that drop that
we've seen on that news, President Trump
says that Venezuela will send the US as
much as 50 million barrels of oil, which
would then be sold with the proceeds to
benefit both countries. Let's bring in
Steven Schinsky. He joins us now for the
details of this. Uh Stephen, it's
interesting because you know just
yesterday we're asking all these
questions of who's going to run
Venezuela, who's going to be seems like
the US has signaled that they in fact
will be directing who pumps the oil and
who they sell it to as well. Give us
more about these details.
>> Yeah, I mean certainly. So let's just
look at what he said a few moments ago.
president uh posted on truth social that
um they're going to be looking to take
uh 50 million uh barrels of oil from
from Venezuela, as much as 50 million
barrels from Venezuela. To put that into
context, Venezuela produces right now
about 800,000 barrels a day. Um and and
it's unclear exactly where that would
come from. Is that stuff that's being
produced right now? Is that um oil
that's on the water? He said it's
sanctioned oil. So maybe the this is
this is oil that's already in tankers.
But uh we have a few analysts and and
experts kind of scratching their head on
exactly what that means. But clearly the
signal is Trump wants to put the US flag
um in in in on on oil assets in
Venezuela. Um there are also reports
from other news agencies that he wants
the country to sever ties um with with
China with Cuba. China is a major
investor as well in oil in in Venezuela.
At the same time, uh the Wall Street
Journal was reporting that uh the
president will be having meetings with
officials from um Exxon, Chevron and
other US oil producers about investing
in Venezuela. So clearly it is a
fullcourt press uh with the Biden with
the Trump administration in terms of
getting um some some American uh more of
American presence there. You you have to
note that Chevron has been there uh for
decades. They're still there. They
produce about 25% of the oil that's
exported from Venezuela. Um that's not
sanctioned. Um can they expand that? Um
that's that's a big question that we're
going to be looking at.
No, absolutely. And it seems markets are
moving along two dimensions, right? To
your point, one is headline risk and
we're not really sure where and when and
how the oil actually shows up in the
market. But uh to the latter point you
just made there Stephen on just how much
capex and where the conversations are
with oil majors, US oil majors
specifically uh in terms of how they can
get involved uh in getting the oil out
of Venezuela. Uh where is that
conversation now?
You know, I think when we first saw the
the the the actions over the weekend of
of Trump um and the administration
taking Mudo and and and kind of saying
that they're going to essentially be
running the country and they're going to
be paying for it with with Venezuelan
oil. Um when um Bloomberg reporters in
the US were reaching out to their
sources and what's been reported in our
stories, they were a bit caught off
guard. Um there have been no agreements
to expand production there.
>> That being said, they are studying it
and we have trading houses as well. uh
you know uh studying it. We've reported
that I think the discussions are early.
I think a lot of it's going to go down
to as well what is the Trump
administration going to offer? What kind
of guarantees? What kind of cash are
they going to get? Because with Brent,
look at this. We got Brent coming down
to $50 [clears throat] right now. You
know, when when you're at that level,
does it make sense to be investing in
oil production in a country where costs
are pretty high? you're going to need to
invest a lot, $10 billion a year for 10
years to boost production to where it
used to be um in the early 2000s
according to some analysts. And then on
top of it, you look at other places in
the world, you got other shale assets
that are maybe more attractive and you
have to deal with the geopolitical risk,
maybe the capex, you don't have to spend
quite as much. So, you're going to the
Trump administration is really going to
have to convince the chevrons and the
Exxons to get into uh Venezuela. I don't
think they're exactly rushing in right
now. That's not the sense that that uh
we're reporting.
>> Yeah. Stephen, based on that report
about Trump possibly wanting Venezuela
to sever ties with the likes of China,
>> given that they are the biggest importer
of Venezuelan oil, what do you think the
response is going to be?
I mean from from the beginning uh the
the Chinese you know China has been
saying that that this was unfortunate
that the US um acted illegally
unilaterally in a way that doesn't fit
um international laws. Um so the the
China will likely continue to hit back
at least um in terms of of their
statements. But let's take a step back.
Um Venezuela produces about 1% less than
1% of global oil supply. Um, and China,
while they were buying quite a bit on
Shadow Fleet vessels that had been
sanctioned, um, there's only about 4% of
China's oil supply and China's able to
look elsewhere. We're entering a year of
an oil glut and there's plenty of oil.
The market is a wash with crude and so
Chinese teapot, smaller refiners can
find alternative supplies. So, do do the
Chinese even really want to be buying
when there's such a large presence and
there's a geopolitical risk and the
Trump administration is making
everything so unpredictable? Why buy
these barrels that could be uh boarded
by by uh US um military or US Coast
Guard? Why why do that when in fact you
can just buy from someone else where you
don't have that geopolitical risk? So,
will Venezuela be cutting ties with
China or will be the other way around?
Will China just when they look at
everybody uh in the playing field maybe
they'll just go somewhere else.
>> Fantastic Stephen Stap thank you so much
Stephen Stapinsky there he leads our
Asia energy coverage uh to our other big
story staying on geopolitics also
playing out across these markets is
what's taking place between China uh and
Japan here. So Japan has made a formal
protest over China's move to ban exports
of items that could have military uses.
It is the latest flare up in diplomatic
tensions between the major Asian
economies over the comments from the
Japanese prime minister last year on
Taiwan. Let's bring in Minlo, our China
correspondent here with us on set to
just help us understand what the
Japanese response has been.
>> Well, Japan is obviously opposed to
this. It has asked China to withdraw
those measures. What China does next
will be something to watch. But the
export control measures is pretty
sweeping. It includes over 800 items
from chemicals to uh equipments that are
used in uh aviation and shipping. Uh and
and so you know it it could potentially
have farreaching consequences because
the language is pretty vague. It says
it's targeted at Japan's military but
also any other end users that help to
boost Japan's military. So a lot is
going to depend on how China interprets
this and whether it applies it strictly
or liberally. and it could potentially
impact everything from automakers to
equipment manufacturers. But in terms of
size and scope, you compare this to 2010
when China also placed a limit on the
exports of rare earths. The scope this
time is more narrow because the last
time they haven't uh they hadn't limited
it to uh just the military users.
>> What could happen next? Is there a risk
that there would be retaliation from
Japan?
>> Yes. Well, you you think about, you
know, it really depends on whether the
two sides come to the table because we
know China wants Japan's prime minister
to retract those comments and she hasn't
done so. Uh, but in terms of what Japan
can do in its milit in its toolbox, we
know the two countries are very closely
intertwined because Japan is China's
second largest export destination. It is
also its third largest source of
imports. It sells a lot of machineries,
equipments to China. And where Japan
really dominates is in the semiconductor
industry. If Japan places its own export
controls that it could China's
chips ambitions and then you also got to
think about the wild card which is
whether or not President Trump will
respond to this because Japan and the US
are very close allies if the US also
joins the frey that could tilt the power
balance towards Japan.
>> All right, Min, thank you so much. Uh
Min Low there on the latest on the two
stories playing out quite quite clearly
uh across assets this this this
Wednesday. Right. Uh we're about 19
minutes to the opening bell. We'll see
what how that plays out of course across
Chinese markets. Ahead of that though,
we'll be live and we're back uh in Vegas
at CS with TDK [music] CEO Nooto who
will explain why they're betting big on
this next wave of physical AI live
pictures right now out of Vegas where
currently [music]
okay well currently things are
buffering. That's one. [laughter]
segments. Uh we should be seeing of
course the uh the Lenovo boss there.
We'll bring that to you a bit later on.
Also, we'll be hearing of course from
the CTO, Lenovo CTO about their business
outlook. Much more ahead. Suffice to
say, this is the China show. Good
morning. [music]
Let's talk about TDK. It's the Apple
battery supplier in Tokyo. It's it's
moving into smart glasses. It's putting
its uh in direct competition with a lot
of Chinese rivals also in the space.
This race to produce the lightest
wearables. Uh Sher on our co-anchor of
course is live for us at CS in Vegas
with someone perhaps who can maybe maybe
tell us more. Sherry?
>> Yeah. Could the CEO perhaps tell
[laughter] us more? Yes. TV Noto is here
with us to talk us through all of their
latest innovations and of course what to
expect when it comes to 2026. Thank you
so much for joining us today here at
CES.
>> Happy new year to you.
>> Happy new year to you too and really
when it comes to TDKs very interesting
because we've always linked you to
cassette tapes but now your branding is
being in everything in electronics parts
but also making things better. Tell us a
little bit about that tagline and how
that really reflects what you do. Yeah,
actually as a part of you know our
long-term vision TDK transformation that
we have also made kind of transformation
from branding right and uh you know we
already stopped manufacturing tapes more
than 10 years ago but instead of that we
are we are becoming completely B2B
company being inside right and uh you
know we are committed you know to being
inside and be better forever best will
never come
>> because the thing is that customers
don't necessarily see it from the
outside, but you have all of these
sensors, microphones, uh power storage,
and of course, these AI uh smart glasses
now that you're partnering with. Tell us
a little bit more about that.
>> Ah, thank you for pointing out this one.
And
>> I know I saw that in your pocket. I have
to ask you. [laughter]
>> Actually, you know, this year CES that
our theme is a AI ecosystem, AI
ecosystem. And the message we are
delivering is that you know TDK is a AI
enabler and TDK is committed to shape AI
from within
>> because that's interesting you're not
necessarily manufacturing the smart
glasses.
>> No no but being inside means in
everything and uh today we actually made
a press release called eyesight a
[music] eyesight. This is a kind of core
solution for next generation of you know
smart glass and also humanentric device
that you know I intent I intent right
>> right
>> yeah plus our cutting edge sensor
technology component technology we are
able to provide such kind of the uh you
know solution
>> to this application
>> and the technology coming from soft eye
which you acquired last year
>> exactly
>> do you have any more plans for M&As this
year
>> uh uh at this moment no concrete plan.
We are now making a you know uniting
that software resources like custom chip
and also like a camera and AI software
together with other you know components
sensors etc etc making other kind of
solution towards this you know smart
glass
>> high density energy is very important
and being able to fit everything in a
very tiny little equipment right
>> which is what you do especially with
your anode uh silicon anal battery
technology, right?
>> You're work on your fourth generation
right now. When can we expect those? And
you're working on your fifth generation
as well.
>> Right. Right. Exactly. Actually, last
year, middle of last year, we released
generation 3 which have a kind of 50%
higher energy density compared to the
gen zero. Right. But as we said this
year you know middle of next fiscal term
you know in TDK we are planning to
release J 4
>> and of course next generation we are in
R&D research and development stage.
>> What will five gen fifth generation look
like? What are the tweaks and changes?
>> Yeah actually you know fourth generation
of course higher energy density and
fifth of course higher as I've been
telling you better and better and
better. That's what I can tell you. Now,
>> we have seen of course the challenges
broadly in the tech industry as well,
the hiking prices. I was speaking to
Samsung's president and CMO recently,
and he was talking about how they're
raising prices as we speak because of
the shortages of memory chips. Now, that
doesn't necessarily hit you directly,
but at the same time, what's your demand
outlook from your customers? M yeah I'm
actually aware of this kind of
information and uh you know through the
next fiscal term is this year April we
keep carefully you know investigating
checking the actual demand but what I
want to emphasize is that you know we
control the controllable means as I told
you that the higher energy density you
know high-end kind of batteries we keep
promoting
>> that's what we can do right you know
never regardless of the you know that
kind of demand you know fluctuation
>> uncontrollable also the strength of the
Japanese yen how does one yen change
affect your business
>> yeah actually one year per dollar is
going to make a change like $2 billion
in terms of operating profit so yeah
also you know although it's
uncontrollable we carefully keep
monitoring and watching
>> cheaper Japanese yen helps you uh
>> in general in general
>> in general especially because you
operate in so many different markets get
China being your biggest one.
>> Yes.
>> Which one are your bright spots for
2026?
>> Uh actually I want to see on broader
basis. Of course, China remains one of
the most important you know you know
region or area but of course here US or
Europe. I want to see that you know the
market potential on global basis as a AI
enabler to the future. As the optimist
that you are, you always use very
positive words like dynamic when you
describe the US market. Yeah.
>> What do you expect to see this year in
2026, especially for your business here
in America?
>> Ah, I have to repeat it's going to be
dynamic. I try to always say you know
positively right and uh you know
external circumstances you know remains
dynamic but as I told you this AI
ecosystem right is going to grow
>> regardless of any of the challenges
including tariffs for example
>> I I believe so depending on you know how
much you know growth you know this
ecosystem is going to make but this
degree itself direction itself I think
will be you know unchanged
>> the motor it's a really always good to
talk to you and what a pleasure to catch
up with you here at CES Las Vegas. Thank
you so much for joining us.
>> Please come to our booth to learn more.
>> Yes, I will join you at [laughter] your
booth very soon. CEO of TDK here with me
at CES 2026, Ivonne.
>> Ah, such a dynamic interview. I love it.
All right, Sherry, you got to try on
those glasses coming up as well. I want
to see you in that Instagram. Uh, our
thanks of course to our team at CES in
Las Vegas. Of course, we're still
waiting. I think um the Lenovo CEO is
actually making that keynote speech as
we speak right now uh on the stage
there. We'll bring you some live
pictures once we do have them. But here
you go. Pre-market looking like this
here [music] right now. Bit of a retreat
when it comes to Hong Kong. We're down
about 4/10en of 1%. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, we're take a look at in terms
of your agenda today uh in terms of RSIs
and the like maybe some overbought
signals that we're seeing across some of
these Chinese markets. So maybe that
perhaps that's why we are seeing a
little bit of retreat in the pre-market
in Hong Kong today. Mainland turnover is
certainly one thing to watch as well. We
are still around close to 2% levels
there 1.9% level in the 10-year yield in
China. uh obviously the China Japan
tensions that seem to have added a bit
more tension now um just given what we
saw with some of these export sort of
bans uh for so certainly that's wait on
the Japan market we'll see what we see
in terms of rare earths and autos which
already started to fall in Japan as well
there is a CGB sale here today of
one-year bonds uh we're expecting some
data of foreign reserves and we're
focusing on copper nickel producers
where we saw nickel seems to be stealing
the spotlight from some of these
precious metals of late also copper as
well but take a look at what it comes uh
to the pre-market. Dave, what are you
seeing?
>> Yeah, so we're very close to that level
you mentioned here on 1.9% on the
10-year yield. And the nickel uh the
nickel contract in Shanghai as you can
see is playing some massive catch-up.
And I think what's interesting too is
and our story actually does this really
good amount of justice is you know the
role the major role that Asian traders,
Chinese traders specifically are playing
uh in the nickel store, right?
substantial volumes coming through
during Asian hours and when the
overnight session in Shanghai then kicks
off then you see that pickup uh once
again uh that's just to say this is one
area of the market we're tracking in
fact there's one specific stock in the
pre-market already feeling the tailwinds
that's Jang Shinshin uh that's a co
that's a nickel specifically a has a
nickel play then as you can see 7% in
the pre-market that's listed here uh in
Hong Kong Ji copper of course is a
broader base metals play there we go 1%
>> yeah the next two slides you're going to
see is more on the EV sector ctor like
so Xiaomi Le Jun is talking about
releasing this new SU7 vehicle model in
April unchanged for the moment for the
stock. Uh we're also watching CL and
NEO. So the two have [music] announced
to cooperating on Long Life Batteries
Swap Network. Uh so far you're seeing
NEO [music] down some 2% here as well.
But yeah, you're watching the China
show. We'll bring you the latest out of
CES as well. That open is also coming up
next. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. So, we're looking at some weakness
uh in the opening going uh here in Hong
Kong. Might see the opposite. We'll
[music] see what happens, of course,
with the session. Uh here's a big number
for you. Literally, uh 2.8 trillion.
[music] That was the remen. That was the
turnover in the onore markets yesterday
just underscores the revival in that
market on price [music] and also in
activity.
>> Yeah. So, we'll see. I mean, the rest of
Asia is taking it a breather today. add
the oil story given what we heard from
President Trump on Venezuela how they
you know want the country to [music] at
least sever ties with the likes of
China, Iran and Russia that certainly
has sent oil prices lower here [music]
this morning. You also have that China
Japan spat that has escalated just given
these new uh export curves when it comes
to Japan with any military use. So that
certainly could squeeze supplies of rare
earths and other materials here. Uh what
you're seeing in the onore market is
still some green on the screen. So,
we're up about a tenth of 1% for the CSI
300, but as David mentioned, we're
inching very close to the 1.9% handle
for your Chinese 10-year yield. So,
we'll see. It has been rotation out of
bonds into stocks of late. Uh, right now
it might not translate as that closely,
but we'll see. Um, right now, we are
seeing when it comes to onshore markets
a mixed picture here across the tech
space as well, but you are seeing the
likes of Cabin down about 8/10en of 1%.
There is a one-year bond sale coming out
of China today. Uh Goldman Sachs had a
pretty interesting line basically saying
you know expect a slow bull run or
slower bull run for Chinese stocks in
2026. They're still seeing upside though
of 20% for Msei China and 12% for the
CSI 300 this year driven almost entirely
they say by earnings growth. If the
boards and talk about Hong Kong market
and the open there so far but they
basically said when it comes to
southbound flows southbound net buying
to reach $200 billion making another
record highs. what their forecasts are
uh when it comes to the flows from the
mainland. So, right now, Hong Kong
though is taking a back seat. We're
seeing tech on offer there down about
9/10 of 1%. Most of the more pronounced
moves, you know, seems to be Alibaba by
do we're down close to two% or so. Um
so, yeah, maybe we're taking a bit of a
pause button here when it comes to this
tech rally as well. Date did mention
when it comes to some of these RSIs, we
are looking at pretty overbought
territory. things were making a bit more
heated there after we did see of course
Asia stocks best start ever this year
with Taiwan Korea really hitting records
uh just yesterday. So all of that taking
a bit of a backseat here today. Uh we're
watching oil stocks in particular given
the drop in oil prices that we saw after
we heard that truth social post from
President Trump about you know up to 50
million barrels uh that they're going to
get from Venezuela. Uh certainly is
going to be one thing to watch for the
market. So Shanghai crude is catching
down as well. lower down 2 1.5% a mixed
picture across of course some of these
oil majors here but certainly it's going
to be a key question about what this
means for China which is one is the
biggest oil importer of Venezuela right
but as Steve Chapinsky told us you know
it's it's over supply everywhere around
the world perhaps there are alternatives
for China to source out their crude if
you take a look when it comes to you
know the metal space and what we're
seeing commodities it continues to be a
heated story right and this time around
we're talking about nickel futures so
we've gone from uh aluminum yesterday.
Gold, silver obviously has been on a
tear. Copper as well, nickel is the one
to watch here. We are seeing futures up
some 7% on the mainland. Shing Jan,
Shing Xing as we say is up some 5% and
really reacting to that. And the rare
earth stocks as well in China doing
quite well just given of course the
flare up in tensions that we've seen
between China and Japan.
>> Uh just two things to note. Okay, so the
geopolitical
uh news flow is quite heavy right now.
So let me get started with this. There's
an FT reports if you recall about one or
two weeks back uh there was a meta there
was a deal that was announced last week
to be more specific here uh on meta a2
billion US dollar purchase if you
remember manis of course that's the
artificial intelligence platform they
relocated of course the staff and tech
to Singapore uh we we we now understand
that met well China is now uh reviewing
that purchase uh that's what we know so
far based on this report coming out of
DFT. Um separately when I say separately
completely different story completely
separate set of of of of themes here uh
you have quaisho which is the peer of
tik tok um is weighing raising money uh
this is a bloomberg scoop here weighing
raising money in the offshore bond
markets for the for the very first time
shares are down 1.3% we'll bring you
more details once uh we have more
information uh on that right um we'll
leave the breaking news there for now
and we'll take you straight back to
Vegas where uh Hitech there world's
largest LAR sensor maker is standing by
with our tech correspondent Bill. Bill,
>> thanks Dave. Yeah, I was just speaking
with David Lee about this co-founder and
CEO of Hersai Technology about the the
analogies you might want to use in this
situation and I just taught you a new
term which is hard launch and that's
exactly what you've done with Nvidia
because it seems like you guys have
actually been working on this for quite
a while.
>> Yeah, exactly. So, uh, the news came out
yesterday about Nvidia. To me, it's like
we use analogy. It's almost like I've
been secretly dating a supermodel for a
long time. Even when I tell people like,
"No, I don't believe you." Right? Of
course, the news is official now. People
know that we're officially on the new
Hyperion 10 platform, which is extremely
exciting definitely for us, and I think
it's also great for the OEM customers
who are interested in taking the Nvidia
solution. Here's the reason why it's
very, very important. It used to be that
when OEMs think about a autonomous
driving product, you chop that into
sections of the software, the hardware,
the data and the training and
everything, right? And then you think
magically they will be put together and
it will work. Well, turns out it's a
little more complex than that. So now
Nvidia has this entire platform who has
all the proven uh already working with
with vendors like us and the suppliers.
It's ecosystem. So now the OEMs will
know when they pick the solution, they
don't have to redo the hardware. They
don't have to retrain the model because
the data is there. So it's making things
extremely simple and streamlined and
also low risk because it's proven.
>> We saw that share price move off the
back, but can you just quantify for us
what's the actual size of this
opportunity for you? What does it
actually mean in financial terms?
>> Uh we actually don't know how big this
could be, but I'll give you some numbers
to justify that. First of all, China
China market is anywhere between 25 to
28 million cars, but the global is more
than 80 million. So that's a factor of
roughly three. And also on the product
side, uh the global OEMs tend to think
more higher end, more advanced, higher
quality parts. And uh that also give you
an extra benefit of being able to work
with customers globally. So if you
multiply them, it's actually a much much
bigger market than China alone. That's
why people are more excited about it.
Obviously, we're in Las Vegas and and
it's a huge automotive market in North
America as well, but how do you think
about the opportunity here?
Particularly, of course, you guys have
faced tensions with with Washington as
well.
>> Definitely. Definitely. Well, there
isn't a perfect solution to fully solve
that problem, but here's what we have
done, right? The first of all uh we
public announced also at Bloomberg that
uh we are in the process building a
factory at Thailand and which will be in
production early 2027 and that is going
to be our new manufacturing facility to
support uh the demand from the global
OEM side and at the same time we're also
building advanced products for those
platforms that the global OEM is
requiring because they're doing long
range high definitionition level three
applications. s which we're also super
excited about. And also in the meantime,
of course, it's a necessary step for us
to make sure that we're fully compliant
with all the regulatory effort,
including on the hardware side, uh on
the data side, and also on the software
side. For the software, most people
think lighter has software, but actually
by the regulatory definition, we have
firmware, which is a software you use to
control the device, but there's no data,
no AI in it to make sure it's compliant
everywhere. So, so China manufacturing
for China and Thailand for
>> global for global China for China.
>> Yeah. Okay. And and what's the breakdown
then? Do you anticipate what are you
actually expecting to get out of that
Thailand factory?
>> Um today as I said it's still mostly
China because the Thailand is not ready
yet and also quite honestly China Eevee
has been leading the global market on
the volume and also on the product side.
But in the end we do expect a more
balanced mix between China and Europe
and US and a lot of the third world
countries.
you are the world's biggest LAR maker
and and your market presence is felt. I
know for instance Robo Sense is another
one of your peers in China. They
actually have to pivot some of their
business away to try and capture new
markets just given the heft of her side.
But but what about in the US market?
Because Luminar is another company that
that recently actually declared
bankruptcy. So who do you see as your
competitors and what are the the the
pressures that you see on that front as
well? uh the competition is always going
to be there because LAR is a super
important product and the market is
massive. I think some people have
jokingly say our biggest competition is
from the people who don't want to use
light. I feel like that's more important
for us to make sure we convince those
people and today we want to do that via
data right and HAI has shipped more than
two million units um from the past a few
years and most of them are saving lives
like we already have public statement
from the CEO of some of our customers
saying that in critical cases fatal
accidents LAR could save up to 90%. So
we want people to look at the data.
That's one thing safety. The other thing
is we wanted people look at how far we
have gone in reducing the price because
in the end it's a return and it's an
investment. If you remember from 58
years ago that was $50,000 per LAR. Now
it's below $200. We feel like we've done
a great service to the industry by
making this reliable, effective
life-saving sensor affordable. Now that
you get to that price point, you also
open up new opportunities and new
markets because you're not talking about
a car that's say 5060 $70,000 US. You're
talking about maybe a humanoid robot
that that's far cheaper. So what are the
opportunities you see outside the EV
space?
>> That's great. First of all, there isn't
really a uh a case where if you fail in
automotive, you can pivot to be
successful in other markets. Here's why.
In the end, they leverage the same
capability. It's a manufacturing, it's a
vertical integration, it's a
globalization, it's the ability to
control the cost. They actually are the
same. So for us, we're lucky that we
build the strong capability from
automotive and especially China
automotive, which is super competitive,
and then we leverage that to products
outside automotive. We're on a humanoid
for sure, but I don't know about being
cheaper for those products. And we are
on the all the uh robo taxis for sure.
And also we're on all different crazy
applications. One of them is lawnmowers
which is actually affordable. It's like
€800 or so. Right now you can buy a 800
euro autonomous lawnmowers in Europe
with our sensor on it. So you don't have
to bury the wire. You don't have to do
all the uh uh the the crazy things and
it will just mop you along very very
quickly. So those are some of the
applications we're looking at. But in
the end, we're not tailoring a product
for the market. We use the standardized
technology and product and we cater to
tons of different robotics applications
where we feel like we can empower all of
them and uh the the volume the margin of
that business will eventually be bigger
than cars.
>> All right, autonomous lawnmowers. I'm
going to have to to try and check those
out here at CES. David, it's always a
pleasure to speak with you, Von. That
was David Lee there, co-founder and CEO
of Hersai Technology.
>> Yeah. Autonomous lawnmowers. We heard
about this Chinese company that does
what? Um two wheel uh vacuum cleaners as
well. Yeah. Show us some of that stuff,
the gadgets there, Bel, when you can. Uh
thanks.
>> That's not me waving by the way.
>> Thanks to David Leosai as well. Um yeah,
the the team also there has been talking
to Lenovo, right? They've been unveiling
new AI products and partnerships at its
annual tech world conference in Las
Vegas. The CTO told Bloomberg the
company is focusing on providing hybrid
AI technology for its customers and sees
opportunities in embedding the
technology into robotics.
Think about a future. We don't believe
the future belongs to any particular
device single device a single model uh a
single agent uh if you will data the
same way it's highly distributed in
nature where the data sits. When we say
hybrid AI, uh we we believe in a future
where it it is an ecosystem of those
models, ecosystem of those devices and
uh ecosystem of those agents that all
needs to um harmoniously I think work
with one another if you will and um we
we basically want to enable that. Part
of that is uh what we call the public
AI, the general purpose models on the
cloud. Part of it is private AI whether
personal or enterprise that may sit at
the edge um you know uh or end use end
user devices
>> there's that need I guess to have
ondevice processing and then also
cloud-based AI solutions. So how does
that actually work in practice and how
is it technologically feasible as well?
>> Ultimately we see cloud cloud AI and
edge and edge AI and device AI coexist.
Of course, that's the uh a foundation of
the Harvard AI architecture overall. So,
we want AI to be ambient, always
available, uh sit there and um in
anticipation of the user's intent, the
user's need, uh if you will, and really
understand the context. Uh and if you
put all of those things together,
remembering interactions with you, me
memory management and things like that,
um we can essentially help uh create the
best personalized experience that that
you can have.
>> Part of the event as well for Lenovo has
been unveiling a new range of of
Motorola products, but but which ones
stand out to you in particular?
>> Well, we're excited about the entire
product lineup from our AIPCs, AI
tablets, as well as our uh new Motorola
line. Um the most exciting part to me is
uh the Kira integration, the intelligent
ambient AI integration.
>> And how does that actually work in
progress that that ambient AI what does
it look like from a user experience?
>> It it it think of it as a as a a very
userentric uh simple and single
interface. So uh whether you want to
access that uh through your phone,
through your tablet, through your PC,
you're essentially interfacing with the
same uh user interface. And uh it has
the capability to uh operate uh across
platforms as well as integrate uh data
about you um through what we call uh a
personalized um uh knowledge base.
>> Part of your role is heading up the
emerging technology group for Lenovo. So
so which ones are you focusing on in in
most detail? AI is of course needless to
say it's our main focus uh to enable our
hybrid AI vision both for personal AI as
well as for enterprise AI but beyond
that uh I'm leading up research groups
in robotics um so physical and embedded
AI is is a focus area for us cyber
security of course is a foundational
technology uh for almost everything that
we do uh that's another area uh next
generation computing technologies
>> is there anything that we really haven't
considered yet that you think could on
the horizon.
>> Yes, of course. Uh I think agent what we
call agent native devices at Lenovo is
is an area that is uh active research
and uh rapid PC and prototype
development for us as well. Uh so I I
anticipate um two things. one, I think
the interactions and interaction
modalities will change as we go from
traditional uh traditional devices and
traditional uh interaction modalities to
new form factors, maybe more
voice-based, gesture based, eye gazing
based, whatever that is, right? Um but
at the same time, uh I think different
companies are experimenting with
different device categories uh in terms
of uh being able to as close to the user
as possible. It's I think this notion of
um uh sensing is going to be very
important in the future to be able to uh
really understand deeply the user and
not in sort of an interrupted way if you
will. So the AI needs to be there 24/7.
>> That was the Lenovo CTO Tolga Curtaloo
there with our colleague and co-anchor
of course Annabelle uh there uh in in
Vegas. Now, if you are a subscriber of
Bloomberg, you can rewatch that [music]
specific interview that Bella just did
or others, the many others of course
that our colleagues have done. Of
course, [music] special coverage there
at CES in Vegas TV. Go is a function you
run, be part of conversations, [music]
send us messages on the shows, any
suggestions and commentary on our
coverage, and if you want any [music]
specific questions, in fact, to our
guests coming up here in shows, please
feel free of course to drop them. We
have our permission to slip into our
DMs. This is the China show.
[music]
Well, Nvidia and Seammens are expanding
their partnership using AI to transform
industrial systems and they plan to
launch the first fully AIdriven
manufacturing sites this year. Nvidia
CEO Jensen Hong and Seammens CEO Roland
Bush spoke with Bloomberg about the
collab.
>> We're announcing a big partnership
between us. Uh we've known each other
for a long time, but this the
partnership we're announcing is really a
big deal. Uh one, we're accelerating
their EDA software. We're accelerating
their simulation software. were
integrating AI technology, physical AI
and Agentic AI into their team center
and their factory automation operating
system. And so we're working together
across this entire spectrum. When we
accelerate the software, then we'll get
to use it to design our chips and
systems. When we accelerate their
simulation software, we'll use it in our
AI factories to simulate the thermal um
uh uh properties of our AI factories. uh
when we integrate our automation and
agentic systems into their AI industrial
operating system, we can then use it in
our factory floors with our partners,
for example, Foxcon. And so we're
working across this entire spectrum
together and we're going to put the
technology to use basically as soon as
we can.
>> What's the net effect for you, Jensen?
Is it improves margins, efficient
capital allocation? I know that might
sound a bit dry, but actually right now
that's the answer everyone's searching
for. How has this investment in AI and
use of the technology actually changed
things in the real world for me?
>> Well, we announced yesterday Vera Rubin.
It takes six different chips to
integrate into this incredible system
called Vera Rubin. And when you're done,
each one of these Vera Rubin GPUs is
240,000
watts.
>> And it is 10 times more energy efficient
than the last generation. It is 10 times
more costefficient than the last
generation, but it's still the
technology is insanely complicated. 100
uh 15,000 engineering years came
together to build this system. And so
when we accelerate EDA tools, when we
accelerate simulation tools, and when we
can eventually, and I'm hoping very soon
design entire Vera Rubin systems inside
of Seaman's digital twin,
>> the chance, the ability for us to create
much, much more complex systems will
scale, will do it much more efficiently.
And so this is really about being able
to do the impossible and being able to
do it imposs the impossible right the
first time. and and and um once we we
then realize that AI creates real world
impact, this is where it really deploys
the full power and also the economic
power. It's not only in the data centers
for AI factories which we see but also
on the edge because once you start
inferencing with low latency you bring
this technology to the edge. This is a
huge potential for our customers too uh
to deploy this technology and this
includes of course includes hardware
where we come from from the jips um it
goes into the controllers some of our
controllers run on GPUs um and then it
goes all the way to the
>> industrial PC.
>> Exactly. Yeah. And and we and we now
these industies are AI industrial. We
supercharge it and they can now run
algorithms trained in the cloud. They
can run it on the shop floor and do all
that trick what we talked about it in
real time optimization and running in a
plant. Um and that makes a huge
difference.
>> Steammen's president and CEO Roland Bush
there and Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang
speaking exclusively with our colleague
Ed Ledllo on the sidelines of CES
[music] in Las Vegas. We have much more
from of course ES coming up. This is
Bloomberg. [music]
>> All right, we're starting things off
with a look at this metals rally and the
iteration today is really in the actual
steel stuff and the stuff that goes into
the steel stuff. We're talking about
iron ore. Yeah, if you're just wondering
100, we're close to 110 now uh on the
Singapore contract and how that's
playing out across some of the things
like steel rebar of course in in
Shanghai. That's also playing out. There
we go. In the equity space from
everything from silver [music] to nickel
producers. Plenty more ahead. This is
the China show.
[music]
Welcome back to the second hour of the
China show. Here's a look at the HSI
half part into the session and yeah,
really following the rest of the region
here [music] after what has been a
record run in Asian stocks uh for the
first week of this year. We're taking a
bit of a pauser here or but I should say
pauser. That's not a word. Pause button
at least when I posers though.
>> Posers.
>> Yeah, but we're not going to get into
that now.
>> It's cold outside. Okay, there's sun,
but yes, it's frigid
>> um to say the least here. So, certainly
I'm taking my UGG boots out,
>> my puffy jackets. I think we were
talking about um fleece and suede bed
sheets and our team here today. Um but
yes, things are looking a bit cold when
it comes to risk sentiment here as well,
Dave. I mean, you add it's mostly
geopolitical, right? When you take a
look at what happened with the oil price
and what President Trump has said about,
you know, taking up to 50 million
barrels from Venezuela. Uh and also when
it comes to China and Japan, too. Yeah,
it's still unclear though as Steve Stap
was pointing out earlier how and where
they're going to get that because yeah
>> they I think the daily output is about
anyway
>> less than 1 million
>> less than a million. Yeah, we we'll get
the math correctly on that. Uh but yeah,
it's uh the temperature has cooled
certainly across these these markets. Uh
Taiwan is down about 810 to 1%. Korea
though is that's still the Samsung story
and I think we'll we'll talk more about
that. the McCory came out and upgraded
their uh price target on Samsung to
currently the street high of about 90%
above the current level. So that gives
you an indication of course at the
runway. Uh Jakarta is coming online and
the reason we're looking at that is
you'll find out very shortly with the
nickel rally still front and center
here. It's showing up in London of
course in Shanghai. Uh iron ore is also
trading at about 110. So that's
certainly something that's playing out
across Southeast Asia in markets like
the Philippines and also uh Indonesia.
oil. We talked about that. Brent, West
Texas and Shanghai crude coming up on
your screens and we are close. We have
been flirting with 60 uh to the downside
there. Haven't quite yet seen a a clear
break of that level. Uh perhaps that's
in the immediate future, but for now
we're trading just above that on the
most active contract on Brent.
>> Yeah, let's stay on that as well with
President Trump saying that Venezuela
will send the US as much as 50 million
barrels of oil, which would then be sold
with the proceeds to benefit both
countries. Let's bring in Jill Dus, our
managing editor, to talk us through how
this is all going to work.
>> Well, Yvon, I think we don't necessarily
know exactly how it's going to work just
yet, but as you and David were just
talking, um this kind of figure would
represent um about 30 to 50 days worth
of oil production. I mean, Venezuela was
producing about a million barrels of oil
per day. That was before the Trump
blockade, right? And I mean, we're
talking levels that are much, much lower
than historic levels. Um, of course,
Venezuela still does sit on the world's
highest proven, uh, oil reserves, but
like even then, uh, you know, we've
talked to analysts who say that that may
run out within a matter of a few weeks
or so. So, um, I think it's still
unclear as to what exactly this
represents in terms of how, you know,
how the US ultimately ships this. Um,
but it is, I think, you know, many of
the analysts we've spoken to talking
about how this is a much bigger number
politically maybe than it is
economically, at least at this moment.
But obviously does just show you just
how um, unprecedented this entire
situation is. and also just how
determined Trump is to continue to
remain really really closely intertwined
with whatever Venezuela looks like as a
country going forward.
>> And it it has come with very specific
conditions. I think it was ABC that was
reporting that there part of the final
plan would be to ask Venezuela to cut
their ties with the likes of Russia and
China. What do we know about that?
>> Yes, David. So, this is a really
interesting one. Um ABC citing people
familiar saying first of all that um
Venezuela would have to exclusively
partner uh with the United States on
oil. So essentially be like their their
exclusive supplier effectively. Um in
terms of what uh this means for for that
quad and its relationships. It's not
entirely clear what it would mean to
dramatically reduce relationships with
China, with Iran and so forth, but
obviously that would represent a massive
political realignment for Venezuela
given how much work they ultimately do
with those countries. Um but again just
have to keep going back to that point
that Trump is really really um you know
is really intent adamant about getting
involved in Venezuela. Of course what
that ultimately means particularly when
um you know he's left um you know
Maduro's VP now acting president
Rodriguez in charge um you know there
still um is not uh you know that desire
to completely ou the rest of Maduro's
regime including many loyalists there.
What this looks like without you know US
troops on the ground or anything like
that I think still leaves a lot of open
questions here. Jill, thank you. Jill T
is there. From one uh specific front to
another and we're looking at China,
Japan, the big announcement from the
Chinese yesterday, the uh response from
the Japanese shortly after uh it's
playing out across markets. You look at
Japanese autos, you look at Chinese rare
earth stocks, for example. So, here we
go into the last 25 minutes of the
morning session and we're looking at uh
declines across some of the big names
there. Uh have a look at rare earth
stocks also coming up on your screens
too. Yeah. So these are the ones of
course in China you are seeing the most
of them rallying today on the back of
this right there. There was this sort of
China daily report saying that the
Chinese were studying tightening rare
earth exports to Japan as a possible
sort of sign of escalation there in the
spat. Uh Chinese media also reporting
you know certainly that to this morning.
So the latest flare up in these
diplomatic tensions between the two
economies. Let's bring in China. Our
China correspondent Mlow who you know
obviously has been tracking all this and
Japan has asked China to withdraw the
measures. Tell us more about the impact
of these export controls.
>> Yes. So the Chinese Commerce Ministry
has issued a statement saying that
starting immediately they're going to
start banning dual use items meant for
Japan's military and it's a very
extensive list of over 800 items ranging
from chemicals to electronics to you
know technology used in aviation and
shipping. um the scope is is targeted at
military, but the language is a little
bit vague and perhaps intentionally so
because it says it applies to any end
users that contributes to boosting
Japanese military. So there's a lot of
room for the Chinese government to
interpret this. They could apply it to
civilian companies with even the most
indirect links to the military and
potentially could have farreaching
consequences on everything from
automakers to precision instrument
manufacturers and equipment makers. Uh
if you compare it to 2010 though when
China and Japan had a conflict over the
Saku islands, the scope here is more
limited because in 2010 they had banned
the export of rare earths without sort
of uh limiting it to military users.
>> The our economists at Bloomberg
economics have chimed in on this. Minman
the a potential spiral of retaliation
could ignite a full-scale economic
warfare where Beijing actually holds
very potent leverage. What are the risks
of retaliation here from the Japanese
side?
>> There are many tools that Japan can use
because remember they are very close
neighbors. Their economies are very
closely intertwined. Japan is the second
largest export destination for China and
the third largest source of imports and
they're selling a lot of these advanced
equipments to China. And where Japan
really dominates is the semiconductor
industry. Right? If Japan places a choke
hold on export controls there, it could
really limit China's chips ambitions.
And then you got to think about whether
President Trump would step in as well as
an ally of Japan, that could really tilt
the power balance. And if other
countries in the West are spooked by
what they see as an abuse of export
controls from China, it risks alienating
the Chinese economy even further as
well. And this is coming as we saw of
course a very kind of warm reception
that the South Korean president did get
in China too.
>> Yeah. So it's important to see the
contrast there because China is clearly
sending a a clear message here. Is
willing to use its economic might to
coers other countries that do not sort
of uh align with the one China
principle. But President EJong is
getting a different treatment because he
has specifically reassured China that
Korea is going to respect that one China
principle. And in return, China is
rewarding it by reviving this
ministerial level economic dialogue that
has been frozen since the that missile
crisis. But again, South Korea is
walking a very fine line here. It is
also a close ally of the United States
that perhaps could cap, you know, just
how much it could lean towards China
because one thing China is still
withholding is the lifting of that
informal ban on Korean entertainment.
South Korea has been pushing hard for
that, but China has not yet really uh
signaled that they were lifted yet.
>> Thank you, Mlo, our China correspondent
with the latest uh when it comes to this
China and Japan tensions there. Coming
up, we'll be talking ETFs with Marray
Asset Global Investments Hong Kong. why
they think investors well maybe take a
look at what it comes to how Asia's
fairing [music] here. EM certainly has
been a hot hot hot part to look at in
the market here and where he sees kind
of flows moving for 2026. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back. Uh it's the seventh
calendar day. It's the third [music]
full trading day. Uh so it's been a what
was a fantastic two days. As you can
see, we're just pulling back a little
bit after of course what was really a
fantastic start to the uh to the year.
Uh Cosby is still of course all guns
blazing. Did catch a bit of a pause
though uh I think on Tuesday, but as you
can see 4,500 now is what we're we're
trading at. Uh very very quickly I in
case you missed that there's a local
report citing the PBOC and directly
citing the PBC itself talking about how
monetary policy uh in China will
continue to remain generalizing here
fairly supportive 10-year yield we've
been talking about 1.9% 30-year yield
now at 2.32 as the 30-year bond futures
now trading on the lowest since 20 uh
24. Okay so how do we make sense of
price action and how it tells us where
the best strategies will be for the
year? Joining us here on set is Dennis
Faulk, chief ETF investment officer at
MRA Asset Global Investment Hong Kong.
Good morning. Happy New Year.
>> Good morning. Happy New Year. Nice to
see you again.
>> Yeah. When were you last talk? I think
it was 2024, right? At one one of the
one of the forums. So, a lot has changed
since then. I think we've had 2025 where
almost everything went up. Uh AI still
continues to be of course front and
center. Uh let me get started with the
sort of US asset dollar question. How do
investors need to be looking at per
potential performance of US assets this
year?
>> Yeah. Um I think I it's a very good
question. Uh you know uh for the last
year in 2025 we are seeing very strong
value. You know even though there are
some volatility in terms of the board
market however you know of course for
the last two trading sections we are
also seeing the continuous you know
valley in the b market. But the thing is
that there is some interesting
observation. uh if you remember last
year maybe at the beginning of January
there has been a lot of talk about the
S&P 500 ecoated index what it means is
that people were expecting that you know
the rally will be bordening last year
but the thing is that you know what we
are observing from the data itself it
didn't realize in 2025 the S&P 500 equal
weighted index underperform 6% but the
thing is that for the last few trading
section we are seeing this actually
reverse what it means is that
potentially the story about the AI you
know investment still would continue.
What it means is that the index waiting
for that manufactur 7 still very
concentrated in the B market. It still
would drive the market. But the thing is
that what it means is that you know for
other maybe outside of the market cap
manic 7 uh due to the AI adoption story
we potentially the broad market will be
wing. So that's much more healthier than
maybe for the last five to maybe last 5
years we are seeing that you know over
50% of the total return of the market
index is driven by only a fairly
concentrated basket of stock.
>> Okay. So things could be broading out in
the US. We we had a guest yesterday talk
about US exceptionalism being bruised.
>> Do do you see further unwind of this
whole US exceptionalism sort of sort of
trade or do you think that actually
things could look a little bit better
for the US this year? Yeah, that's a
also another interesting question. Uh
the thing is that you know uh last year
we have been seeing uh you know the
weakening of the US dollar. This is
primarily driven by the US Fed way cut
cycle. We are now kind of of in the mid
cycle. What it means is that maybe some
of the earliest cuts have been
materialized already. The thing is that
you know based on the January uh you
know FOMC minutes I think a lot of uh
you know officials are expecting
potentially inflation uh you know US
inflation has been motivating to 2%.
What it means is that there could be
some you know maybe two to three times
of the wake cut if there's no surprise
in US inflation what it means is that
potentially there would be some uh you
know reallocation from the you know US
exposure into the Asia market that's
what we are seeing you know very strong
rally in the AXJ index you know starting
from last year and then the thing is
that you know for the last trading
section we are seeing the continuous
rally
>> and within Asia XJS as as you were
pointing out. In fact, let's put Jay in
there because Jay's also an AI play. Uh
where do you think market leadership
goes this year? Because it's been Japan,
Korea,
>> Taiwan, and then China.
>> Yeah, I would say, you know, in terms of
the AXG market, you know, for the last
year, we are seeing two uh you know,
fairly outperforms market uh which are
China and Korea. We are seeing, you
know, China actually continue to perform
uh for the uh you know, last few trading
section. I think u one of the point that
a lot of uh in investor may be a little
bit surprised is that last year uh some
of the technology heavy uh indices in
China actually underperformed the board
market and also underperformed the
dividend stock. Uh for example like some
of the dividend bars can actually
perform more than 30% last year but the
technology have his uh you know index
only uh you know increase by 125%. But
the thing is that you know this year the
outlook is a little bit different
because I think similar to the US story
a lot of AI related investment is going
to be materialized in China. Okay. And
then when of of course in China now in
the institutional space people talk
about you know deep moment but the thing
is that of course the broadening uh you
know in US potentially will be ch
spreading you know outside of the US
market. What it means is that
potentially in China other than you know
the dividend stock other than broad
market uh you know people also talk
about you know China Asia you know this
year potentially would be a very uh
positive year for that for that
particular exposure.
>> Yeah I want to talk about your baby
which is of course um 3416 Hong Kong
this is of course
>> it's a very popular income strategy is
it?
>> Yeah I mean 16% dividends last year I
mean is how important is income
>> strategies this year too? Yeah, I would
say you know if you take a look at the
global uh you know u investment tools
think about you know during the US wake
cycle uh you know maybe people cannot
expect that the US rates can continue
stay very very high of course it would
not drop to maybe uh you know 1% but the
thing is that what it means is that
people you know all over the world are
looking for income harvesting and the
thing is that I just mentioned about the
uh you know how strong performance uh
for the China uh dividend stock but the
thing is that when the price go up for
the dividend stock it means that
dividend yield go down. Now when I check
the dividend yield of some of the
popular you know China stocks is only at
around 6.4 6.5%. The thing is that you
know in uh in today's financial market
leveraging the option premium leveraging
part of the cover cost strategy to
produce the alternative income could be
quite interesting. That's why we are
seeing you know a very strong inflow for
this type of product. Like last year
alone we observed around two billion US
dollar inflow is one of the strongest
inflow cover in the world. uh so what it
means is that you know when the China
market uh you know uh continue to
perform uh and you know the underlying
asset you know for example for this
particular product is HSCI uh
potentially would be also very good
performance and the thing is that you
know that's a very favorable environment
for investing in cover core because the
thing is that uh you would not expect
very huge volatility but at the same
time at least you collect you know
portion of the option premium by uh you
know benefiting from this kind of uh you
know scenario for real.
>> You give up though the upside as you
know right so this this strategy works
for which type of investors particularly
if you expect global equities will
continue to do well this year
>> yeah I would say of course no one has
crystal ball to actually predict the
market uh what we are trying to uh you
know provide here is that you know think
about you know if your portfolio for
example you're holding some of the
coreocation but the thing is that what
if there are some volatility um you know
uh you know uh reversion If you look at
the global market like the VIX in US is
trading 15 but the thing is that the
volatility can suddenly spike. So this
type of strategy can provide income uh
especially monthly distribution then at
least during the types times of
volatility if your core asset allocation
actually doesn't perform very well. Uh
but the thing is that at least you have
the more relatively stable of cash flow.
Yeah.
>> Oh this one doesn't accumulate right?
It's distributed every month.
>> Yeah. It's a monthly distribution.
>> Okay. Sorry, that was just a point of
[laughter]
>> academic.
>> What What are some of the other sort of
babies that you're watching out for,
right? Beyond just maybe the equity
space. I mean, you talk about
commodities, metals are firing up here,
>> alternatives. I mean, what are some of
the other things that you think uh could
actually stand out for 2026?
>> Yeah. Yeah, that's a very interesting
question. I would say, you know, uh uh
of course other than some alternative
income, you know, people think about uh
you know, uh fixed income. Uh if you
think about uh you know, uh now is under
the waste cycle. uh you know still fixed
income is very interesting. Even the
yield is no longer uh you know very high
but the thing is that people take a look
at you know for fixed income asset
allocation whether you want to bet on
dation versus the credit spread uh my
suggestion is that the credit spread now
is a very uh low level if you think
about the US IG
>> tight you think or
>> yeah yeah so that's why but the thing is
that you know uh for the current wake
cycle we are in the mid cycle I think
for the duration less than five could be
interesting because the thing is that
the uh you know the fed would have more
impact on the short end of y curve. So
that's why for the fixed income space, I
think a lot of investors is looking at
the uh you know intermediate or
short-term yield curve part to get
alpha.
>> All right, Dennis, great to have you.
Thanks for kicking off the year for us.
Dennis Faul there, chief investment
officer ETFs at Marray Asset Global
Investments here in Hong Kong. For more
on what asset managers are really
looking out for this year, you can check
out this big take that's available on
the terminal for subscribers. It's
[music] it's a good one. You got to
click through a lot, but certainly it
really highlights all kind of I think it
was like a dozen [music]
asset managers that they surveyed there
on what you know the prospects are,
their outlooks and of course where the
conviction lies. The function to use as
NI big take
>> [music]
>> We continue to track the headlines
across when it comes to Venezuela here
this morning and the latest is with
President Trump not ruling out the use
of military force to acquire Greenland.
Now, the White House says he's
discussing a range of options to acquire
the Arctic Island. But the Wall Street
Journal is reporting that Secretary of
State Marco Rubio is downplaying
military action, telling lawmakers the
goal is to buy the island from Denmark.
Bloomberg's Lizzie Burton has more on
why Trump has made Greenland a key
foreign policy objective.
Roughly three times the size of Texas,
Greenland sits at a strategically
important location in the North Atlantic
and Arctic. It has vast stores of
critical minerals and fossil fuels
coveted by the US and its strategic
rivals China and Russia. Buried beneath
the ice sheets, climate change has made
those resources more accessible than
ever.
And the thawing ice has opened up new
trade routes between North America,
Europe, and Asia. Greenland is already
home to the US's northernmost air base
and a radar station that's used for
detecting missiles and monitoring space.
Gaining control over Greenland could
give the US government new opportunities
to expand its military presence in the
Arctic as well as access to critical
materials to build the economy of the
future without relying on the likes of
Beijing.
>> You know, and on that on that very
story, there's one specific stock that's
coming up on your screens, Energy
Transition Minerals. It's listed in Oz.
It has it's a minor there, but it has a
to the point that Lizzie was just making
there on the many resources available.
It has a rare earths project. Uh it was
up as much as 40% at one point has
clearly come down ever so slightly. So
we'll watch it closely. Of course, the
stock is gaining the most uh in a couple
of months. U also gaining on the back of
and this is still a a material story.
That's pun intended there. Uh looking at
nickel producers. So the first one is a
big one of course listed here in in Hong
Kong. Some of the others are listed
across Asia. You have of course those in
Indonesia which has just come online.
Substantial gains after substantial
gains uh in nickel prices um in London
and of course the gains we're seeing now
specifically are also and we're pulling
back a little bit in the London contract
are in Shanghai. That's playing a bit of
catch-up too. Uh Korea automakers also
in focus too.
>> You're watching Hyundai Motor and of
course some of its affiliates. are also
surging here today and after these media
reports of an executive chair's meeting
with Nvidia CEO Jensen Hong at CES. So,
the two I wonder if they had beer and
chicken again. Um, but yeah, ongoing
excitement over robotics business, China
export controls on Japan also seems to
be supporting the the auto sector in in
Korea here today.
>> I could do with a pint [laughter]
of water to be more specific. I'm a bit
thirsty even though it's a bit cold out.
I could do with some fried chicken
though.
>> Any day.
>> Any day. any time of the day. Any time
of the day. Uh Hyundai, by the way,
speaking of what Ivon just mentioned,
right? So, it uh it uh it unveiled its
humanoid robot. That was yesterday. So,
building on [music] gains even further
there. Uh a quick glance at uh
benchmarks going into the first 60
[music] minutes of the cash market
session. There you go. And this is
Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break. And
[music] yeah, we talked about this stock
rally also having a break uh as well
here today on the back of these
escalating tensions between China and
Japan. So that's weighed on the Japanese
markets here today. Nicay and topics are
both lower by about 4/10en of 1%. The
yen's around 156 157 levels here this
morning. So certainly that is one to
watch. But yeah, um we're tracking of
course I mean the first four trading
days have been quite strong, robust. I
think today it's just a little bit of a
an easing of that.
>> Yeah, I mean it it can't continue at
that at that rate otherwise it's uh what
was that what was it banned from the N
vertical horizon remember that?
>> Oh yeah,
>> there we go. Right. That would have been
the look of the chart. Um but but yeah,
it's uh we'll get into of course the the
comeback the resurgence of Asia tech.
Right. If you thought that change of the
calendar meant a change of market
leadership so far, apart from today,
that's not that's not the case, right?
Asia dashboard coming online.
Um, yeah. Okay, let's have a look at
that. Yeah, my my brain's not fun. It's
it's just cold. Are you cold?
>> It's cold. Are you having some brain
freeze on there?
>> Yeah, it's really really [laughter]
It's really cold in here. I might not be
able to continue. I'm getting cold feet.
Literally,
>> it's like 10°, but my Apple my my phone
the weather app says it feels like 2°,
right? So, yeah,
>> it's not the type of weather if you're
nursing a heartbreak. No. Um although if
you have if if you're if you if you do
have though if you're looking to flaunt
a uh a fleece ski jacket that this is
probably the time to do it.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's justified. I think
>> I spotted at least
five
Canadian Canada goose.
>> Canada goose.
>> Can Canadian goose. Sorry.
>> Okay.
>> Canada jackets. Uh early this morning.
uh and we come in to work very very
early, right? So that just underscores
the uh the uh the square meter per per
capita square meter of of of sightings
there. Anyway, I digress. World beating
hot market is is in Korea. Have a look
at the Cosby, right? We're at 4500.
We were below 2500
just last April and we're at 92% from
that level, right? So we're a good one
or two days from effectively doubling
over what just nine months time.
>> Yeah. And you talk about leadership
obviously Korea stands out in the
region. um what you break it down I mean
it has been the likes of Samsung right
and in terms of you know the stock
outperformance that we saw it it's the
first time in three years basically
where Samsung has actually beat SKH uh I
would say in the early parts of this of
this year I should say last year they
were still uh there a bit gap there but
certainly it's it's added $350 billion
in market value and this whole narrative
that you know there's a catch-up story
underway that maybe Samsung is back when
you talk about progress of AI you talk
about these huge huge price hikes for
memory chips. Samsung stands to face
these tailwinds as well. So analysts are
expecting in terms of earnings are going
to more than double this year to a
record high. And the market cap is not
even close. I think we're only just I
mean less than half of that of TSMC. So
maybe there is still further to catch
up.
>> Yeah, there is some upside there.
Although on the TSMC note also coming in
this morning was I think JP Morgan up
their price target on TSMC. U Samsung
the news got quite fittingly. So, just
coming through right now, Morgan Stanley
has increased their six-month price
target on the cost speed to as to as
high as 4800.
This one just crossing just crossing the
Bloomberg terminal, right? So, ju just
fittingly, of course, as we as we
discussed this uh I think McCory raised
it to 20,000
240,000
>> one uh on the price target there. So,
yeah. So, ways to go ways to go. Um but
yeah, Samsung's at CES I Yeah, I mean
the products of course at Las Vegas are
generating some fresh buzz as well. We
spoke exclusively with the company
president and chief marketing officer
Wen Lee about their outlook amid
continued optimism surrounding AI.
>> So this year our exhibition um is themed
your companion to AI living right. So
you know when others are calling this AI
home we really wanted to go a step up
and call this AI living because with the
breath of products that we have you know
we are with you in a very unique way and
continuous way throughout the day. So by
understanding your needs, your behavior,
whether it's from your mobile phones or
TVs and fridges and washing machines and
whatnot, right? You we can really
personalize the whole AI experience.
>> Does that translate into new purchases
by new customers or are you trying to
increase the lifetime value of your
existing customers?
>> Uh it's a little bit of both, right? Um,
you know, yeah, if you ask anyone
whether AI is important for your
products now and for the future, I think
you're going to get a very consistent
answer that it is important, right? But
I think uh right now you need to
futureproof your product more so than
ever because of the speed at which AI is
developing. You know, I've been in the
industry long enough to see how
technology has transformed our lives.
you know when we went from analog to
digital to the internet to the mobile
internet and so forth you know based on
what I have witnessed over the years I
think the speed at which we're seeing AI
is advancing is nothing like I've seen
in the past right because the not only
the technology itself is uh evolving
fast but adoption rate is also moving at
a very very fast pace
>> when it comes to the evolution of the
technology itself of course HB BM4 chips
will be crucial and we have heard from
Samsung CEO Chongyong Hyun talking about
how customers think Samsung is back
because of this new product. How much
does that improve the outlook for every
other part of Samsung's business that
you oversee, appliances, TVs,
smartphones, because that was such a
dark cloud hanging over Samsung. Right.
Well, I think in uh 2026,
yeah, um there's going to be issues
around semiconductor supplies, right?
And it's going to affect everyone, not
just Samsung. I think it's a
industry-wide reality that we're going
to see some supply issues with
semiconductors, right? So, um that will
certainly have an impact on all the
connected devices that we make with
memories and so forth. Um, but I think
we're in a better place than most of
other constituents in the industry just
because of the scale of the business
that we run on a global basis.
>> What will the strategy be if you need to
implement those price hikes?
>> Um,
well, I think um
and again uh this is going to affect us
the same way, right? When uh when memory
prices go up, it's going to have an
impact on the price of products, right?
So I don't think we're immune to those
uh those issues.
>> When are we going to see that transfer?
>> Uh prices are going up um
>> like even as we speak. So um you know
obviously we don't want to convey that
burden to the consumers but uh we're
going to be at a point where we have to
actually consider repricing our
products.
>> And you were saying that this affects
everyone in the industry.
>> What's your competitive edge now for
example in segments like televisions?
Because I know that for example
Samsung's frame has been very popular,
right? You have artwork in the home as
TVs.
>> You've seen a wave of clones from other
TV makers. This year you have LG for
example.
>> How do you stay ahead?
>> Well, you know, competition is uh
nothing new to Samsung, right? We've
been the number one, you know, TV maker
for 20 years running. So, you know,
we've had various types of competition
over the years. Well, you know, this
time around, you know, we're seeing, you
know, a lot of cheap TVs coming to the
market, right? Um, you know, a 75 in
cost 75 in TV cost far less than what it
used to cost, right? Um, but I think we
look at the competition in a slightly
different way. You know, I think you
just mentioned our frame TV, right? It's
not just about watching TV, right? It
brings another angle to your viewing
experience at home, right? you get to
enjoy the artwork, right? In addition to
watching Netflix and Amazon and whatnot.
I think that's a really another angle
that we've been pursuing. Well, this
time around, you know, as uh our
exhibition uh indicates,
you know, your companion to AI living,
right? So we're really trying to elevate
our competitive landscape from competing
in TV space, competing in mobile or home
devices. You know, the combined
experience of uh you know a Samsung
portfolio products, right? Really gives
you a differentiated experience versus
something that is offered by uh another
competitor as a single item or single
category of products. So as we're seeing
now these price hikes come through not
only in Samsung but also of course among
other device makers. What's your demand
outlook for the year especially given
that companies like Samsung as well have
suffered from tariffs last year?
>> Um
um I'm a member of our digital
experience division where we make uh end
products like mobile phones, TVs and
home appliances. you know, these are
industries that are expecting to see a
modest growth. So, but I think u just
looking at our outlook of the business,
I think we're going to be able to
outpace the market.
Um, how will it compare to last year,
especially given that it's a challenging
base. You saw a lot of people preempting
purchases because of the tariffs.
>> Um, I think we're going to be doing
okay. Yeah, I I think uh we're we're
more optimistic about the outlook of
2026 than what we have experienced last
year.
>> In what devices and sectors?
>> Yes.
>> In which sectors?
>> Mobile phones. I mean, I think with the
emergence of AI, I think people are
looking at upgrading their products,
be able to leverage the new technology
that are embedded into our products.
>> When it comes to the price hikes, how
difficult is it for you to market to
customers? Um, I can't say it will not
have an impact, but you know, obviously
we're trying not to pass that burden to
the customers as much as we can.
>> And that was the Samsung president and
chief marketing officer, Wjin Lee,
speaking with Sherry at CES. We're just
getting some breaking lines here uh when
it comes to what we're hearing from
China. So, regulators are now talking
about banning platforms from forcing
merchants to join promotions. So this is
of of course affecting some of these
online platforms uh with these
management measures here. They were
already falling I have to remind you
here before this news but certainly uh
does lead to a bit more uh questions
about where these price wars lie and the
fact that you know regulators are once
again starting off the year talking
about the need to stop these sort of
discounts here and to really put an end
to these price wars or at least slow it
down.
>> Yeah, they're removing the incentives
that lead to lower prices right now. SE
separately and this is a separate
release that's also around specific
rules. So, China is now issuing
management China's issued management
measures for live streaming e-commerce.
Uh it's now banned live streamers from
making well this is almost stating
what's necessary really. China's banned
live streamers from making false
advertising claims. There's a full state
it's in Mandarin. We'll get into it once
we have more details for you. Yes, these
are two separate things and I imagine
these are the two things we'll be
talking more of uh over the coming over
the coming days. Markets are reacting
slightly, but as Ivan is pointing out,
we were already down ahead of the
breaking news in the last few minutes or
so.
>> All of the beginning of well four or
five trading sessions of 2026 have been
about this optimism around tech, right?
And our Bloomberg intelligence team
thinks 2026 will cement Asia's tech
ascendancy with the likes of China and
Japan consolidating their positions as
key global players. Let's bring in our
BI thematic strategist, Shirley Wong.
She joins us now. So, in terms of
themes, what are you watching out for
this year?
>> Yeah, thank you for having me. Um, it
certainly is going to be an exciting
year this year. Um, and um, basically,
uh, the conversation is still going to
be around AI is still going to dominate
conversations. Um but we think that um
that conversation has shifted somewhat
um into AI infrastructure um and uh you
know talking about things like data
centers um power grids and so forth. Um
so we think that um investors are taking
a more picks and shovel approach um
looking at some of the tools and
services uh that provide to the AI
industry.
>> Yeah, part of the thesis here is also
the nuance within AI, right? So I wonder
if you could be more specific along the
different themes that investors should
be paying attention to because people
look at AI and they toss it into one
basket and it's you know you find alpha
and what's not to what's what you know
what's gone unnoticed.
>> Yeah. Um I like to think of it as two
groups. You know those um that are
companies that are from the source of
the AI industry you know along the uh
value chain of the AI um chain you know
you see those that um actually provide
the um energy the power the
infrastructure so that's one set of
groups uh there and then the other group
would be the downstream players uh the
ones that are the end users of AI. Um so
within the infrastructure we have um a
newly launched theme is called a compute
of infrastructure theme and that really
tracks a basket of uh companies um that
are involved in the um physical
structure like the the construction of
the data centers and um and that range
from everything from like cooling
systems um around the data center to
even the physical security of the data
center. And then we also have the uh
grid tech theme. Um and that one has
done um quite well uh last year. You
know, it's outperformed the uh utilities
um benchmark index. Um and so the power
of uh grid tech theme um is basically uh
companies that are involved in um uh
sort of like the the upkeep and the u
maintenance and the modernization u the
upgrade of the power grid. Um and um you
know for the Asian shares uh for these
uh power grid uh companies um they have
u actually performed um over 30% um in
the last year or so.
>> Yeah, a lot of that is is in China as
you as you mentioned they might actually
steal the spotlight. Um in terms of
let's talk about nonI for a second. Are
there themes that are non AI related
that you think could still be good
opportunities this year?
>> Um yeah I mean everything's around AI.
Um but if you have to look at uh some of
these uh companies out there um
blockchain is one of them um that has
been overshadowed um by AI technology
and blockchain companies are really um
you know like the foundation for not
only cryptocurrency trading um despite
some of the volatility that we've seen
in Bitcoin but also uh the foundation
for uh tokenization trends you know so
these are companies um that are uh
looking to place uh some of their
financial assets on chain Um and it also
has industrial uses as well. You know
like blockchain um is also a part of the
smart contracts that we've seen in some
of these um you know companies um along
the supply chain and logistics and um
also uh you know uh there's a lot of uh
noise last year about uh geopolitics
about global trade tensions. Um so I
like to call these groups of companies
um strategic tech companies and these
are companies that are critical to a
nation's um you know uh self-sufficiency
um along the supply chain and also uh to
their economy and so uh these strategic
tech companies uh would include things
like our front tech uh quantum computing
u space technology um as well as the uh
rare earth um elements um in transition
metals theme um is also quite important
as well. Yeah. So, our viewers and
clients are probably wondering what
those names are. You can check that out
for our clients. BIG go of course on on
your Bloomberg terminals. That was
Shirley Wong, our thematic strategist,
of course, out of Bloomberg uh
intelligence. And we'll have more from
you. Speaking of just broader tech
conversation from CES in the next hour,
Daniel [music] Newman uh will be joining
us at those times on your screens. If
you're watching out of Hong Kong, that's
10:30 [music] in the evening. If you're
joining us out of the out of New York,
this is
[music]
hopper pricing is actually going up in
the cloud. all of the all of the hoppers
are consumed in cloud and and now
pricing [music] spot pricing is starting
to go up and so that tells you about the
the demand [music] that's being uh
generated all over the world. So H200s I
think is going to contribute also
[music] to that and I think all all told
all told um I I think we should have a
very good year.
>> Yeah, demand that moves the markets with
[music] just a just a few comments. In
fact, when you look at memory, right,
and I think what he also said there was
storage is a completely unserved market
today and you had a massive move up in
the likes of SanDisk at 28% I believe in
in the US. I think we're seeing that
here as well uh in the Asia-Pacific.
Memory chips coming up on your screens
already very shortly. Um so there we go.
Yeah, remember this uh memory on the way
up. Uh the other one is we just talked
in case you're joining us right now,
right? Earlier segment with with with
Shirley Wong, we discussed the thematics
around AI infrastructure and cooling
stocks, right? A lot of money's gone
into that specific sub theme. Um, and
you know, Jensen Hang effectively poured
cold water on on that and said when you
look at what Reuben is able to do, uh,
it's it's able to cool the racks using
water at temperature that does not
require a water chiller. There we go.
So, just the frontier of [music] the
technology sort of makes you re retest
your thesis around some of the the key
themes here. Yeah, I'm still trying to
get around that Croc leather that he the
jacket that he's wearing as well. Um,
but yes, obviously it's not just about
the
>> fashion puzzle that AI won't be able to
solve.
>> CS is always going to be about the
products and the gadgets and the like.
And check out this one. I think this is
great. This Chinese company Robo Rock
>> Oh yeah.
>> has unveiled, get this, a robot vacuum
cleaner with two legs that can climb
stairs in people's homes. Um, obviously,
you know, if you All we need is a duplex
now, Dave,
>> for for
>> But yes, it's so cute. It can actually
go upstairs. It's got 3D spatial
information, several motion sensors, and
can raise and lower its legs
independently, so it can go up and down
the stairs, even down, of course, little
steep hills as well, and navigate uneven
surfaces. So, uh, cool stuff. Obviously,
we all would love one of these at home.
Um, but yeah, again, they're
>> not in our homes, though. Right. To your
point, we there's probably not a very
big market for this.
>> How much space to need one of these
things or levels really as well. Um, but
>> it can't clean on the steps though.
>> No, no, no. So, I I was looking I think
ones that have been come in the past
cannot. I don't know if this one can or
cannot.
>> Okay.
>> But, you know, there's still a lot of
questions about these this sort of
technology, right? Because
>> um there are some challenges. They're
high prices. is the one they launched
last year was, I think, north of $2,500
US.
>> So, the price tag is certainly one
thing. The one last year they launched
was completely different. They were
talking about how I can pick up socks on
the floor.
>> Yeah.
>> Which I would love to have cuz I have a
husband that does this a lot at home.
>> Pick up the socks or leave the socks.
>> Leave the socks.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> Um, but yes. So, but but they said that
it was only specific on certain items.
And then, uh, you know, a lot people
question, what if it falls, right? Can
it can it pick itself up?
>> Can it, you know, they they you know, we
don't really know if they can.
>> It can turn though. Look at that.
>> So, in order for it to actually be
mainstream, I think it's still going to
deal with some of these obstacles as
well.
>> Yeah. I wonder if you could circle back
to that. Yeah. That that scene of it
[laughter] climbing climb climbing the
stairs. How much does it go for in the
previous version? Was quite quite price,
right?
>> More than $2,000.
>> More than 2,000. Oh, yeah. Yo, here we
go. So, you know what this reminds me
of? What?
>> I have a few friends that after they've
had a few
>> This is how they go up. This is This is
probably how they look. This is probably
how they look.
>> They're not cleaning the floors either.
Maybe they are with their clothes.
>> Yeah.
>> But yes, there's also some Rob I mean,
robots are huge at CES this year, right?
I think they made a whole section just
for for robots, right? So, you got to
check it out. I think there's one that
also sorts and folds laundry. I need
that as well. Anyways, we'll be live in
CS all all week.
>> Yes.
>> And Las Vegas. And tomorrow we're
hearing from Hitachi as well as Hyundai
Motor as they unveil, [music] of course,
a new humanoid robot designed for work
in working in car factories,
[music]
right? Uh [music]
just some news in the last few minutes
or so around platform companies. Um, but
it it's it's it's [music]
an old theme, but I think we have more
details now on how this might work in
terms of intense [music] competition.
We'll certainly have more on this uh in
the coming days, weeks, and and months.
It will be a very big feature of shows,
I would imagine, in in 2026. Uh, apart
from this, uh, we're looking at the
Hangen Index. Uh, we're about 90 minutes
into the cash market session there. And
I think the story really has not been
about the Hong Kong market so far.
Although separately, the, you know, the
listing market has still continued to
fire in all cylinders.
>> A strong January already. Yeah.
>> I think it's the best. We're set for the
best January.
>> Yeah.
>> Ever, right? And we're what, just 7 days
in. And we have, just to say, we have
two big listings this week that we're
looking at too, right? Thursday and
Friday. Anyway, uh, apart from that, the
geopolitics [music] rearing its ugly
head showing up on the Asian benchmark.
Have a look at this. Asia-Pacific
benchmark being dragged down by Japan.
That's it from me. That's [music] it
from us here on the China show. Perfect
time for a stumble because we're done
for the day. We'll see you all tomorrow.
This is Boomberg.